Documentation: New TESTING_YOUR_CHANGES.md (#67148)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/TESTING_YOUR_CHANGES.md

# Testing your changes and making sure they work as expected

So you contributed or did something else that warrants testing. Nice work.
Our tests will already cover a good amount of things that could go wrong,
but you are expected to test your non-trivial changes in-game.
Typo fixes and the like usually do not need to be tested.

## Applying your changes locally

> A very simple way is to simply place your Cataclysm executable into your
> git repository.
> It will automagically use this altered path to load resources.
> For more advanced situations, there are commandline parameters such as
> `--datadir`, which you can point at your git respository.
> Check `--help` for more information.
> 
> Exiting to the main menu and loading your save again will re-read most
> JSON files, so after making changes, make sure to either relaunch
> Cataclysm or reload your save, whatever is more convenient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to test JSON-only changes, a very simple way is to simply place your Cataclysm executable into your git repository.
It will use this altered path to load resources.
For more advanced situations, there are commandline parameters such as
`--datadir`, which you can point at your git respository.
Check `--help` for more information.
You should also use an up-to-date version of Cataclysm and ensure that the git revision matches the Cataclysm executable version to avoid conflicts due to other people's changes to the JSON handling code.

Exiting to the main menu and loading your save again will re-read most
JSON files, so after making changes, make sure to either relaunch
Cataclysm or reload your save, whatever is more convenient.

For C++ changes, you'll need to compile the game, which is covered by `doc/COMPILING`.
```

Added some distinction between JSON and C++ changes. Simply placing the executable in the git repository has the potential of version mismatch so a note is also added.

For the altered path loading, it is a convention for most programs to use the resources in the directory they are located so there's nothing "automagical" about it really.

### Items

With *Spawning > Spawn item* you can conjure up any item you want.
This menu is very self-explanatory. If an item name ends with a yellow
`(S)`, it means that the item description is variable as there are snippets
(hence the `(S)`) manipulating them. You can choose which snippet to apply.
A gray `(V)` means something similar, but it is a variant, which alters
more than just the description. As of writing, these can not yet be
selected via the debug menu and are randomized.

### Mapgen

Many of the options in the `Map` part of the debug menu are self-explanatory.

The *Map editor* and *Overmap editor* are of particular interest though, yet
they may not be as straightforward as the other options.

The *Map editor* can be used to alter small amounts of terrain and also
apply a different overmap terrain without actually touching its ID.

The *Overmap editor* is mainly useful to spawn buildings and other specials.
For spawning entire buildings or other things occupying multiple overmap
tiles, type `s` to spawn a special. Spawning individual pieces of overmap
terrain is usually not as commonly used and less useful in that sense.

> Make sure to only spawn overmap specials in the non-red areas, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to only spawn overmap specials in the non-highlighted areas, or
```
IIRC the already generated areas are marked with the highlight tile in the graphical overmap.

For JSON changes, read [JSON_STYLE.md](JSON_STYLE.md).
For C++ changes, read [CODE_STYLE.md](CODE_STYLE.md).
If tinkering with C++, you may also want to look at

> [TESTING.md](TESTING.md) for our unit tests.

Reviewer: Please move this to the "applying your changes locally" section, after the mention of `COMPILING.md`.

> I am unfamiliar with running tests manually. Why and when would you do that?

When you change the unit test code itself, change C++ or JSON code covered by the test cases, or need to fix failing CI unit tests caused by your PR.

It is not uncommon for people to submit their changes without running the unit test though, and the CI unit test should catch any problems in that case, so a simple mention that the unit test exists should be enough.
